Update Provisioner Docs Example (#1231)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/provisioner.md

Presently, Karpenter supports `memory` and `cpu` limits. 

> CPU limits are described with a `DecimalSI` value, usually a natural integer. Note that the Kubernetes API will return a string value here, so when using e.g. ArgoCD, it's better to specify the CPU limit as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CPU limits are described with a `DecimalSI` value. Note that the Kubernetes API will coerce this into a string, so we recommend against using integers to avoid GitOps skew.
```
